The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. - Albert Einstein
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. - Chinese Proverb
Learning never exhausts the mind. - Leonardo da Vinci
The more that you read, the more things you will know. - Dr. Seuss
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. - Benjamin Franklin
The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you. - B.B. King
Stay hungry, stay foolish. - Steve Jobs
The expert in anything was once a beginner. - Helen Hayes
Progress, not perfection. - Unknown
Small steps every day lead to big results. - Unknown
Consistency is the key to success. - Unknown
Done is better than perfect. - Sheryl Sandberg
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. - Lao Tzu
What we learn with pleasure we never forget. - Alfred Mercier
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire. - W.B. Yeats
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. - Mahatma Gandhi
The capacity to learn is a gift; the ability to learn is a skill; the willingness to learn is a choice. - Brian Herbert
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try. - John F. Kennedy
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
Your limitation—it's only your imagination. - Unknown
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you. - Unknown
Great things never come from comfort zones. - Unknown
Dream it. Wish it. Do it. - Unknown
Success doesn't just find you. You have to go out and get it. - Unknown
The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it. - Unknown
Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done. - Unknown
